so Abijah rested with his father's and
they buried him in the City of David
then ASA his son reigned in his place in
his days the land was quiet for ten
years
ASA did what was good and right in the
eyes of the Lord his God for he removed
the altars of the foreign gods and the
high places and broke down the sacred
pillars and cut down the wooden images
he commanded Judah to seek the Lord God
of their fathers and to observe the law
and the commandment he also removed the
high places and the incense altars from
all the cities of Judah and the kingdom
was quiet under him
and he built fortified cities in Judah
for the land had rest he had no war in
those years because the Lord had given
him rest therefore he said to Judah let
us build these cities and make walls
around them and towers gates and bars
while the land is yet before us because
we have sought the Lord our God we have
sought him and he has given us rest on
every side so they built and prospered
and ASA had an army of 300,000 from
Judah who carried shields and Spears and
from Benjamin 280,000 men who carried
shields and drew bows all these were
mighty men of valor them Zera the
ethiopian came out against them with an
army of a million men and 300 channels
and he came to Mauritian so ASA went out
against him and they set the troops in
battle array in the valley of Zephyr at
Marisha and ASA cried out to the Lord
his God ward it is nothing for you to
help whether it was many those who have
no power
help us O Lord our God for we rest on
you and in your name we go against this
multitude
Oh Lord you are our God
do not let man prevail against you so
the Lord struck the Ethiopians before
ASA and Judah and the Ethiopians fled
and ASA and the people who were with him
pursued them to gira so the Ethiopians
were overthrown and they could not
recover it for they were broken before
the Lord and his army and they carried
away very much spoil then they defeated
all the cities around geared for the
fear of the Lord came upon and they
plundered all the cities for there was
exceedingly much spoiler they also
attacked the livestock enclosures and
carried off sheep and camels in
abundance and returned to Jerusalem